Version 10.2  Released 10/5/1996
  - Fixed the ak add bug.  Now you will need to have a '%' sign
    in front of the <amount of time> for timer ak.  See 
    ak.add for more detail.
  - Added a special feature which allows people with password
    access to enter the password with the command to access.  This
    feature will elimate the need for login and logout if you 
    only want to access only a few command before loging out.
  
Version 10.11 
  - Fixed a small yet serious glitch on my part.   The core dump
    bug whenever someone accesses help is now fixed.  Sorry =)

         Well, this is it for now... You all have fun with the bot now.
         Try not to bring any trouble okay?
   
       IF YOUR BOT DIES DUE TO A CORE DUMP, PLEASE SEARCH FOR THE
       REASON IN YOUR log.err FILE AND SEND IT TO ME THROUGH E-MAIL.
       IF YOU CAN'T FIND IT IN THE FILE, JUST SEND ME THE WHOLE FILE
       THANKS. =) 

         *  e-mail chihhung@wam.umd.edu for other desired upgrades.
         *  goto http://www.wam.umd.edu/~chihhung for JOHBOTS
----------------------------------------------------------------
in v9.0a from v8.3a 3/12/1995
  - speeded up the public flood and message flood check
  - new bot setting options (dieonkill, checkignoredflood, and
    nickchangeinterval.) See "infile.cfg".
  - better checking routine for nick-change flood.  Hopefully
    this will prevent the excess-flood caused by mass-nick-change
    that people has been complaining about. ;)
  - Fixed v8.3a error of public flood detection.
    (Error: Not initializing variables after a user has been
            ignored.  Therefore once a user is added to the
            ignored list, he/she will always be considered flooding 
            every time his/her auto-ignore is removed. This is 
            usually not an obvious error unless that user is
            protected and therefore not kicked upon flood.
            Kick = auto-initialization.)
in v9.0b 3/12/1995
   - Check if the bot itself is opped on the channel before it
     performs various operation that might lead to excess flood
     otherwise.
in v9.0c 3/12/1995
   - Fixed the tiny bug of checking self-op.
in v9.0d 3/27/1995
   ** A list of operations that previously caused excess flood fixed
   - prefix command changed to user-only access.
   - information command now can only be accessed once every 15 seconds.
   ** Nick collision possibility by creating forked bots fixed.
   - Auto-nick-change nick-list can now be generated by the bot.
     It allows you to choose whether if you want the nicks to come
     from the predefined nicklist or by generating a nick using the
     first four characters of current nick combining with a 5 digit
     random number.
     - infile.cfg option = fromnicklist <0 or 1>
     - dynamic toggle = bt fnl
in v9.1a
    4/2/1995
      -Fixed a bug in nickchangeinterval variable in infile.cfg
    4/3/1995
      - Increased the maximum number of nicks in the nicklist to be 
        carried by a bot from 10 to 40.  These nicks are to be set only
        in the infile.cfg.
      - Increased the maximum number of servers in the server list
        to be carried by a bot from 10 to 20.  These servers are 
        to be set only in infile.cfg.
    4/4/1995
      - Added resetinterval to infile.cfg (dynamic command "sb ri <length>"
        See help in sb.ri
        WARNING:  This variable is very important.  The default value is
            5 seconds.  If you do not have the understanding of the 
            significance of this variable, please do not alter its 
            default value.
            Note: this variable determines the length of time before 
              the bot checks and reset the following variables and
              functions:
                  - Auto-rejoin on kick.
                  - auto-nick change.
                  - topic change.
                  - self message <-- idle eliminator.
                  - check to see if all the preset channels.
                    defined in the infile.cfg are properly joined. 
                  - auto save of ak and user list.
                  - reset protection list.
                  - check to see if the required nick is free.
                  - reset variables (very important)
                      - clear massdeop <should be done at a fast rate>
                      - etc...
            These functions itself has a interval of activation.  But
            their interval of activation is not checked until the
            "resetinterval" is reached first.  Resetinterval = amount
            of time BETWEEN each reset.
    4/5/1995
      - Add "changenickonnetsplit <1 | 0> to infile.cfg.
            (dynamic command "bt cnon")
        If toggled on, the bot will automatically change nick
        to the next nick on the predefined nicklist.

  in 9.1b
      - Add the display of userlevel and protectlevel for each
        user in command scu.

  in 9.4a
      - Bot has been coded with even faster codes, hopefully
        it will flood out lesser often.  Farther improvement
        on speed is still been implemented.
      - Fixed the netsplit detection for nick change.
        False netsplit information is fixed.
      - Owner can now view and delete all the notes that has
        been sent out, even those that does not belong to the
        owner.
      - Two more protection levels.  Level 6 now will kick
        all the matching *!*user*@*host patterns. Level 7 will
        kick all the matching *!*@*host patterns.
      - SCU (SHOW CHANNEL USER) command has a new format.  It 
        will now display the access, protection, autoop, and 
        channel mode status of all the users on the channel of choice. 
      - FL (flash) command has been fixed.  From ttone's idea, the
        bot will first fork another bot before it carries out the
        flashing command.
      - TR (Topic reset interval) has been moved to the new 
        SC (Set channel) command.  Now different channel can
        have different topic reset interval.  It will be set
        in the following ways: -1 will enforce topic, meaning
        when anyone changes the channel topic the bot will be
        triggered to change the topic back to what it was
        commanded to set. 0 will turn off the topic reset 
        completely for that channel.  Anyother number above 0
        will be assumed to be the time interval (in minutes)
        for which the bot should reset the topic.
      - User, request, shit, and other information can be written
        to any file of choice. ie "USER WRITE [filename]" will 
        have the bot write the information to [filename] instead
        of the default file.  If [filename] is not included, the
        default filename will be used.
      - DELAY-OP!!!  Delayop is now available.  It is channel 
        specific.  This means you can have delay op in one channel
        and not the other.  When an aop user joins the channel,
        the bot will first detect if delay-op status is turned 
        on for that channel.  If not, the user will be opped 
        right away.  Otherwise the user will be added to the
        delay-op list.  The bot will set a random of 1 to 10 seconds
        waiting period.  If the user is opped by someone else within
        this time interval, the bot will not op him/her again.  
        Otherwise the user will be opped.  Due to net lag, sometimes
        the bot will not receive the mode change information for the 
        user and op him/her again.  Reguardless, this will decrease 
        op mode flood dramatically.  Delay-op is also a group op.
        this means when the list of delay-op user's check-time is
        up and they are not opped... they will be opped in the +oooo
        mode.  This will save mode lines ... Therefore reduces flood.
        Great for netsplit rejoins.
      - Faster revenge kicks.  The older johbots usually will not
        revenge kick until about 10-15 seconds after it joins a 
        channel.  Now with the faster codes,  the bot will usually 
        kick or kickban the revengee within 1 to 2 seconds after
        it gets opped.
      - Flood kick protection is now channel specific.  Now the
        flood kick does not have to be active on all channels.  
      - Command CBAN has been changed to CBANS... or was it
        SBAN changed to SBANS... or was it BAN changed to BANS?
        anyways, it has been changed so that all of them ends in
        BANS now so no confusion will occur.
      - new option has been added.  Now you can set the bot to
        have a time interval between each "johbot me" is sent
        to the channel.  This will start when bot is deopped.
        This is only useful if more than one johbot is running
        on the channel ;)  This is also channel specific.  Please
        look through the new infile.cfg for all the new options.
        If possible, rewrite the infile.cfg.
      - userhost request for the server is not buffered first.
        This will be used for auto-invite on signon option.
  in 9.4bBETA
      - nickadd, nickdel, nicks, and nicksearch commands 
        has been added to the subcommand of user.  This allows
        you to add delete and reset nicklist for each user just
        as you would for channel-list.  You can also search 
        a nickname in the userlist for easy access.  More than
        one nick can be assigned to each user.
      - chanacc command has been added to user, spy, request,
        pr, ak subcommands.   This allows you to search for the
        users in the lists that has access to that channel.
        Any more questions please look at the help file.
      - Please change your infile.cfg because a few more things
        has been changed.  The maxpubliclines and maxkick, and
        maxdeop, and maxnickchange, and oplevel has been moved
        to the channel's toggles.  This means the previous 
        channel toggles has become a setting.  Much like the topic
        reset setting, the toggles will now operate as both
        a toggle and a setting.  Meaning when set to 0, the
        option is turned off.  Otherwise, the option will be
        set on and use the appropriate settings to operate.
   in 9.4cBETA
      - Fixed an error that would usually cause the bot to unban
        twice on a kickban therefore inreases it's speed.
      - Added Files and Send command.  Now you can have the 
        bot send files (download). Uploads from user is still
        being implemented.  In infile.cfg, you can add the 
        download root directory.  You can also add the index
        file for which the user can see what files are available.
   in 9.4c1BETA
      - Fixed a message flood detection lines setting.
   in 9.4d1BETA
      - Fixed self-kicking bug in the beta versions of 9.4
      - New codes implemented for hiding from irc-ops
   in 9.4d3BETA
      - Fixed a few bugs
   in 9.4d4BETA
      - Fixed a few bugs
      - Implemented minimum mode changes yet maintain the optimum 
        performance to prevent excess flood.
      - Made the bot slightly faster.
      - Now the bot will kick the unprotected who changes the
        mode of channel while enforce mode is on.  It will allow
        the protected to change mode even if the enforce mode is
        on.   This way, there won't be any more of those lame
        +s -s +s -s mode flooding shit.
      - New channel specific toggle has been added.  The compute
        punishment level option.  If this option is turned off, and
        if offender who does a mode change or a kick on the protected offended 
        is protected, then no punishment will be done upon the offender.
        On the other hand, if the option is turned on, then the punishment
        level is equal to the difference between the protection levels of
        offended and offender.  Make sense? :P 
      - /Mode <botnick> +i can now be toggle on/off either from infile.cfg
        or from BT INV.  If you want to be able to search for bot
        using /who command.  You will have to turn the invisible off.
      - Changed all the reply the bot will make in every command.  In
        other words, the bot is much more user friendly.
      - The intelligent level of the bot has been increased again.  The
        bot will now recognize ip address from name address.  ex,
        to ban or add user@sec1.sec2.sec3 the bot will do user@*.sec2.sec3
        Whereas user@123.456.789 the bot will do user@123.456.*
        Also, the bot will only convert the first segment of the host to '*'
        if the host has more than 2 segments.  ex., user@sec1.sec2 ==>
        user@*sec1.sec2  Where as user@sec1.sec2.sec3 ==> user@*.sec2.sec3
        Same goes for ip address  user@123.456 ==>user@123.456* Where as
        user@123.456.789 ==> user@123.456.*  .........  This is useful
        when an address like user@escape.com will be user@*escape.com
        instead of user@*.com
        Cool huh? hahaha.. I like it.
   in 9.4d5BETA and 9.4d6BETA
      - 8/29/1995
            When a known user is kicked from a invite channel, the
            bot will automatically invite that user back into the
            channel. (Somewhat close to the idea requested 
            by (ALPINE aks NILRAM)
      - 8/30/1995
          - Fixed the server connection rejections because they
            think it's a bot.  Now it will not be detected.
          - You can now select port through serv command.  The
            new command format is "johbot serv <name> [port]" 
         
       -  Tons of internal upgrades that makes the bot faster,
          more user friendly, more informative, and more auto-matic
          feature than the earlier release (i.e. 9.4d3BETA).  
   Version 9.5
       - Protection level 1 becomes unban only instead of
         reop only to prevent mode change flood when servers
         reconnect
       - Fixed all the bots in the previous BETA versions. 
         Hopefully no more exists.
   Version 9.6
       - Fixed topic enforcement.  When place on strict topic enforcement,
         sc tr -1 
         the bot will no longer kick protected user.
       - Saves the last topic change requester.  This way, if some
         user requested some idiotic topic, you will know who it is.
         It is listed under the last command.
       - Lastck command is removed because the information it gives
         is already a part of the last command.
       - Information command has been changed to user access only.  Meaning
         only user with level higher than 0 can access this command.
         This way, no one can tell it's a johbot unless it performs
         sometype of features that might give it away (such as a kick)
       - Fixed some part of the bot that never released previous memory
         before relocating another.  Hope this will not cause any core
         dumps.
       - Added the scs command.  This command is almost the same as 
         scu command except instead of showing user and their levels,
         it shows user and the server they are on in the channel.
       - Disabled level6 and level 7 protection because it has been
         known to cause lots of excess flood due to multiple kickings
         in one mode change.
    Version 10.0 2/17/1996 (The date I edited this file, not bot ;) )
       - Possible the last version for JOHBOT ...  From now on, only
         bugs will be fixed.  No more new features.  =)  I don't
         even go on IRC anymore .. so no point in making it better right? =)
         Anyways, there are a lot of upgrades I really want to do but 
         probably won't get to them.  Maybe not until summer.
         So, hope you all enjoyed the bot and hope it will still be used
         for months, years to come .   Just for those people who really
         cares.... There are an average of about 550-600 JOHBOT on IRC
         at any point in time.  This data was from end of December.
       - Idle kick was added.  You can set this value in infile.cfg.
       - The length of autokick can now be set.  Look at the new
         format in help.bot
       - You can use CTCP message to command the bot s now.... this is
         useful if you want to command all the johbots on the channel
         but you don't want to flood the channel with public message just
         for bots.
       - ***Big upgrade*** Number of output lines per reset ... For those
         advanced johbot users, you can now set the max number of lines
         johbot will send to the server per reset.  (reset being 
         the reset time you set in infile.cfg.  Usually 4 seconds)  
         All the output will be buffered and send out in chunks so 
         your bot will not excess flood as often if you set the 
         right number.  If you really want to reduce the amount of
         excess flood, dont put all your bots on the same server.
         Of course, you should have known this if you are not a newbie.
         During a war, the server will be flooded with messages/requests,
         Then it will go into a lag because it will try to  process all
         those requests.  If a user/bot messages keeps messaging the
         server, the buffered size of that user will exceed the maximum
         allowed size and that user/bot will get excess flood. So if
         all your bots are on the same server, and that server is slow,
         and ur bot keeps messaging the server.. all of them will 
         excess flood at the same time.
         So you can now manage how much u want the bot to have its own
         internal buffer so if will not use the server buffer.  This 
         will ofcourse use a lot of ur system's resource.  Therefore
         you will have to adjust to the size you want to get teh optimum
         performance.
       - Note create can now be used with just <nick>  the bot will
         automatically send the note to nick!*@*  ... This is for 
         those people who are sick and tired of using the format
         note create <nick>!<user>@<host>  Read note.create in help.bot
       - THe bot will now create a status file.  It will write to this
         file ever 5 minutes I think....  It will write its current
         nick, channel, and server.  This is useful if you know your bot
         is still on IRC but you have no idea which nick, channel or server
         it is on.  I think you might have to periodically delete this file
         and the log.* files.  
       - I think you can set the number of kills before the bot will terminate
         for good.  I am not sure.,... Today is feb 17th... that means I
         have not touch the bot for about 2 months =)  So all these "I think"
         in this file has a good reason for being there =)
       - On most of adds, the bot will automatically save the whole 
         updated list to its appropriate files. This would be user, ak ,etc.
       - There are many other features that I have added to this new bot
         but I swear I can not remember what they are =)  Maybe I should 
         have updated this file whenever I add somethign new huh?  haha...
       - Oh yeah, the news has been moved into the file called news.  
         Just edit file and the content will be sent to the user who 
         requests for news.

   Version 10.1 BETA 1 
       - 6/12/96 Small changes in the bot... Including
           - Adding another parameter in help commands.  The new
             format is now "help commands <upto level>"
           - Moved AK timer parameter to the end of the command so
             it is more compatible with the older version.  If 
             the timer is omitted, it will be assumed to be a
             permanant AK.
           - Added a join key to the infile.cfg of the channel section
             for each botis loaded.   This way, the bot will
             be able to join a channel that wishes to have a key set.
             This key will be used as the channel key the bot will
             enforce if +k is added in the mode section of the channel.
             Don't forget to toggle the enfmode on also =)
           - Fixed (hopefully... that's why it's still beta ;) ) the
             bug of ping timeout experienced by many people when
             they attempted to load multiple bots per infile.cfg =)
       
