How to install ChRoniCbot
-------------------------
- Compile the bot by typing "make".  This will create an executable
  binary called "chronic.new" if its successful.  If make files, you
  may have to edit Makefile and add/remove libraries or defines for
  your flavour of unix.

- Setup your user/prot/shit/exclude lists.  Samples are provided
  in the files user.list prot.list shit.list exclude.list.  Be sure
  to keep the same format.  One space in the wrong place can make
  your bot not recognize you.

- Put your mail addresses into useradd.notify that you want to be
  notified every day with a list of events.

- Review infile.cfg for important runtime information.

- If you have an available crontab and want the bot to be up all
  the time, look in the sample "botcheck" script included.  If you
  don't have a crontab available, look at the sample "maintainer"
  program included.  If you keep the name "chronic.new" and you
  have gcc available, you can compile maintainer with:
  gcc -o maintainer maintainer.c
  If you rename chronic.new , you will have to modify maintainer.c
  so it calls the right filename.

- Once your bot is up, if you have other bots that will be in the
  same channel as yours, you need to add the other bots at level
  105 on your bot, and add your bot at 105 on the other bots.  The
  bots should never be higher than level 50 on themselves, and they
  don't need any prot level security.  Your bot has to be added to
  itself.  I would recommend level 50, but no higher.  Don't add
  your bot at level 20 on itself or it won't be able to ban shitted
  users.

- Once all the bots are added on each other properly, you have to
  synchronize your bots passwords on the other bots so it can op
  itself.  You can do this 2 ways: either logon to irc from your
  bot's account, authenticate on the other bots, and change the
  password, OR if the other bots are ChRoniCbots, you can use the
  !passwdadd command.   Either way, the password for YOUR bot on
  the other bots MUST be the same password that is in your bot's
  passwd.list file for itself.

===EOF===

